I would very well decorate and five
swords only I have no place yes go
again you will collect things from me
Generally dofigischuyuschiy small so you
leave it really delivers to 40
passa passa passa take it easy
easier
like this, they also want to fight
by the way and copper is made armor well
let's not attack what
from bamboo you can do okay so
can be made of this mid and chest
copper plate reinforced copper
chest copper block induction furnace he
described uiiiii uiiiii where what i found out
wait so where's the opana forge hammer
he is made of yours
but not all Panova good evening man so
we can safely do with you now
little tolerances and heard be so so
it does not mean everything is enough for me
enough
Zombies are now a little shorter. I'm here for now.
will do
very very important such matters
discrimination I burned did not understand slow down
hike, i don't either
hike camp I did something cool
great store and from it well
protective plates dude with us now
is something cool that I have such
things should put a crust and we do not need
no cave and you hear yes from me
There are already 9 of these copper plates
you can do it no nafig need
This, too, need to about what we wanted
acceleration wait here I'm shorter with
very, very important, I remember looking more precisely
I remember we need an iron stove
brain zombie wait no i need
iron oven at the beginning I just do not
looking thin already gone forever
lost it not stove it
disguised bullshit Vova personal safe
on fig on dominic energy resource
long machine generator or what to us
it was necessary to take was a generator so
it is made of iron furnace iron
singer tvoyuzh that that iron plates
do they need these edges made copper
the plates that matter i have more iron
no i do oh there is no iron wait
Now this young so on but I do not
enough iron you have a piece of iron no no
none at all
in general, okay then I leave now
here in general, all things will take only
what I need and what I need is 1 2 3 4 4
shirki listen we need dias kitchen kitchen
do you really understand everything for the kitchen
thing